Update outdated https://en.pingcap.com/ links (#18096)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

* Introduce [Credits](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md#credits) (previously named as trail points) for PoC users.

>     You can now view information about your organization's credits on the **Credits** tab of the **Billing** page, the credits can be used to pay for TiDB Cloud fees. You can [contact us](https://www.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) to get credits.

Reviewer: It jumps to https://www.pingcap.com/demo/. But it seems that it doesn't make sense here. I'll change it to email, as used in https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-poc.
```suggestion
    You can now view information about your organization's credits on the **Credits** tab of the **Billing** page, the credits can be used to pay for TiDB Cloud fees. You can <a href="mailto:tidbcloud-support@pingcap.com">contact us</a> to get credits.
```

## June 7, 2022

* Add the [Try Free](https://tidbcloud.com/free-trial) registration page to quickly sign up for TiDB Cloud.

> * Remove the **Proof of Concept plan** option from the plan selection page. If you want to apply for a 14-day PoC trial for free, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://www.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page. For more information, see [Perform a Proof of Concept (PoC) with TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-poc.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Remove the **Proof of Concept plan** option from the plan selection page. If you want to apply for a 14-day PoC trial for free, <a href="mailto:tidbcloud-support@pingcap.com">contact us</a>. For more information, see [Perform a Proof of Concept (PoC) with TiDB Cloud](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-poc.md).
```

TiDB Cloud is now in General Availability. You can [sign up](https://tidbcloud.com/signup) and select one of the following options:

* Get started with [Developer Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-serverless) for free.

> * Apply for [a 14-day PoC trial for free](https://www.pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <a href="mailto:tidbcloud-support@pingcap.com">Contact us</a> to apply for a 14-day PoC trial for free.
```

* Introduce a new public region: `eu-central-1`.
* Deprecate 8 vCPU TiFlash and provide 16 vCPU TiFlash.
* Separate the price of CPU and storage (both have 30% public preview discount).

> * Update the [billing information](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md) and the [price table](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/#pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update the [billing information](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md) and the [price table](https://www.pingcap.com/pricing/).
```
